this video is brought to you by our
trusted graphics partner Nvidia hahaha
this is the razer naga hex lola ditto
weight league of legends hold on that's
different
oh yeah it came not a laughing thing ok
so this is the razer naga expert mobile
which i actually had to look up i
haven't heard of that before so it's
apparently something something something
can't remember multiplayer online battle
arena that's a genre now I mean I always
thought we just called it dota and
League of Legends because those are sort
of the primary games but there you go
optimised for mobile and action RPG
games or I mean MMO probably is just as
valid for something like this because
however unlike the regular Naga which
has 12 buttons on the side the Naga hex
is named such because it only has six
buttons on the side so it's not quite as
as crazy optimized for tons and tons and
tons of different functionality but more
like you want to have a bunch of
different profiles with a few different
commands that you'd want to be able to
execute at a moment's notice now if you
followed - tech tips you probably
already know that I do like the Naga the
original one I've never tried the hex
although based on what I'm seeing so far
they're going to be pretty similar and I
do like the idea of mice that have a lot
of buttons on the side the G 600 was
probably the biggest disappointment for
me out of the lot just because and again
if you've watched Linus tech tips videos
for a while you'll have you'll know this
already but because I found the I found
the tracking to feel sort of a little
bit laggy there's some some latency
there that was bothering me whereas the
Naga I have never had that problem so
it's I mean you can see that it's one of
the ones that's actually on our gaming
test bench so we do actually use it it's
you can always tell when we pull
something out and it's sort of nearby
and convenient that it's something that
we like and actually use day-to-day so
there you go so let's have a look at
what Razer includes dominate the fields
of justice with the Naga hex
cool okay so there's a little card there
there's some good at packaging giving
you a little like things that are sort
of neat changing the rubber thumb rest
okay so there's a thumb rest in the
middle which you can apparently adjust
to different side grips right there so
you've got a larger one and a smaller
one and then it looks like the medium
one comes equipped on the mouse and this
is smart actually for a reason that I'll
explain in a moment we've got some Razer
stickers which are obviously pretty
sweet as well as the rest of their usual
documentation ah yes you get a free
Champion with the mouse and since I
don't need a League of Legends champion
I would be happy to give them to you
guys so you get a free Tryndamere yay
first one to reclaim the code gets it
there you go
enjoy free giveaway for you guys there
all right so what's good about the Naga
hex first of all it has the same shape
as the original Naga which I like it's
perfect for sort of smaller and smallish
medium hands to be very nicely contoured
so you can see from both angles here
there's somewhere to rest your pinky
somewhere to rest your ring finger
places for your middle and index fingers
and of course somewhere to put your
thumb I find for myself personally this
is the best
ergonomic Razer Mouse that I have used
and I've used pretty much all of them I
also really like this this improvement
on the hex here versus the original Naga
so people complain with the original
Naga that you would often accidentally
hit these buttons when you're trying to
lift the mouse off the surface I
personally never had that issue with it
but some people did so what they've done
is they've added this thumb rest right
in the middle of your six buttons here
number one is that depending on what
size you use you can optimize it so that
you can easily feel your way around
these buttons and number two is that
also gives you a complete a convenient
place to hold the mouse should you want
to easily lift off the table so without
using these two fingers at all I can
take the mouse I can go like hold on
there we go yeah I can go like this
without actuated any of those side
buttons I can move quite vigorously so
this is extremely handy now in terms of
mappings similar to the original Naga it
looks like they've changed the pad on
the bottom so the original Naga had a
ring shaped pad around the entire Mouse
whereas the hex version has got smaller
pad feet that are here
these approaches look pretty similar to
me because the surface area see it's
quite thin around the edges here looks
pretty similar they're going to take a
long way to wear down either way but
their selections here so you can either
use the number pad to to bind to these
keys automatically or you can use the
number keys across the top of the
keyboard they both also include more
support right around the sensor itself
it is a laser mouse there you go so
there's that one on that one in right in
the middle of the mouse so it glides
extremely smoothly now in terms of
buttons on this guy right here there's
the six on the side so these are
mechanical buttons it's got a very
satisfying click to them whereas the
original Naga didn't really have that
click it was a very very different feel
that are actually rated for up to 250
clicks per minute which i think is
actually pretty interesting that's an
awful lot of clicks especially given
that you'd never click one of the
individual buttons 250 times a minute
unless it's about 5 times a second on
one button so it's pretty much optimized
for the most demanding workloads I think
as far as that goes
it does include support for synapse 2.0
now synapse originally there were a lot
of complaints about it but Razer really
addressed them with one of the most
recent updates so it's their cloud-based
software that allows you to essentially
store your profiles for your peripheral
and take them with you because anytime
you're connected to the Internet you log
in to your profile and it'll go boom
you're using your Razer peripherals ok
these are all the settings that you like
to use so it's just a cloud-based thing
but originally if you didn't log in you
wouldn't be able to even use the
profiles on a peripheral that you'd
already plugged in so they've completely
fixed that now so it works even in
offline mode and it'll give you the most
up-to-date ones if you are not an
offline mode going back to the most
they've relocated two of the other
buttons as well so by default these are
your back and forward buttons on the
original Naga
whereas now instead of having two
buttons up here what I actually found
were quite difficult to reach
particularly this one anyway they
relocated them here and more like the
traditional dpi sensor switching
location that people are more used to
seeing whereas this is a bit of a
there's not that many mice that use this
particular configuration
did I mention over
has a 5600 DPI sensor I hope I did in
terms of the rest of the looks there
hasn't really been that much that's
changed so instead of an illuminated
Razer logo here there's an illuminated
League of Legends logo which goes along
with the co-branding of the mouse as
well as instead of a blue illuminated
scroll wheel they've gone with a yellow
one instead so we're going to go ahead
and plug this in so you guys can get a
good idea of what the mouse looks like
once it lights up and we're going to
finish up with a quick unboxing of the
accompanying League of Legends Goliath
is mousepad so there you go it has some
League of Legends artwork on it it's
also got sort of the usual things you've
come to expect from any Goliath as'
mousepad so it has an anti fray edge so
it's not going too well fray although in
my experience usually even the ones that
go straight to the edge with the regular
Mouse we've usually take two to three
years to start fraying it's got a nice
rubber bottom on it so I mean what is
there to say about it it has League of
Legends graphics on it it goes with your
mouse and it's made by Razer so it's
probably fine it has a pretty tight
weave so it's a fairly smooth surface
for a clock pad so personally I do
prefer a bit of a less dense weave but
that comes down to the individual users
choice and I think that pretty much
wraps it up now it's come to my
attention that you guys guys may not
have seen the game code the first time
around so I'm just going to flash that
one more time and best of luck to
whoever gets the barbarian there thank
you for checking out oh yeah I think
they're rated for yet 10 million click
lifecycle for the for the buttons on the
mouse and I think that's everything that
I wanted to say about it thanks for
checking out this unboxing don't forget
to subscribe to - tech tips for more
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos and know there was more thing I
wanted to say there's 24 click spots
Razer for whatever reason calls that out
24 we can count them together if you'd
like or we could just end the video now
make sure you subscribe